Speaking of like little seasonal and regional stuff that you can only get in
Japan.
Has there been anything you've like any little products or anything you've
missed from home or from any other country at all that you have to like actively
get a craving for? I know you have Kona. My parents.
Shipped out pot noodles to me because I do like that rom and cutting.
I die. I die a little inside whenever I hear Conor say that.
Because right. It's no, I don't. I'm not saying that the pot noodles in the UK,
which would be on screen are better than the ones in Japan.
I don't think that the Japanese ones are superior in every way,
but there's something familiar and comforting about. Yes.
And also it's very spicy,
which unfortunately the non-normal yeah, yeah.
Three spicy. It's good. I love it.
And so my parents are Christmas because you know, I, you know, I have,
since you start making your own money, it's like, right. Well, I,
I buy everything I want for myself. Right. So they're like, what can we get you?
And I'm like, well, you can get me something.
I can't get myself and not love none of that.
The pot noodles from the UK. And they're like pot noodles, like, yes,
please send me pot noodles. Okay.
So they did. Yeah. I always, I always asked my parents to see me like, uh,
like Australian sweets and stuff. You can get 10 times here. They suck. Anyway.
Now what you don't like 10 times they're overrated. I tell every Australian,
every Australian, Australian swears by them,
like it's like national pride or something. It is national pride.
And I'm just like awesome. Just the biscuit. Oh my goodness.
I just, I think biscuit is like the most underwhelming sweet, like it's,
it's hard. It's never satisfying.
It is like soft cookies are way better than hard cookies as well. Like I.
No, I get, I get that. I get that. But like, we also have like, wait,
so do you guys consider Tim Tams to be hard cookies? No biscuits.
Biscuits are hard biscuits or what's the difference?
Cause that's a soft biscuit to us.
Cause we have these things you want even rocks for harvest.
We have these things called Anzac cookies, which are literally rocks.
Like I don't want to have to worry, break teeth, trying to eat.
That's not a cookie. If I have to worry about bracing,
if I have to worry about breaking my teeth, it's not a cookie.
And it's like biscuits a like Australians watching this window as a biscuit.
It's a awesome. Just almost like a health hazard without hazard.
It's like chewing. It's like, dude,
you can work out your jawline eating this sparking cookie. Like it's so tough.
Growing up. I still have, these are the UK obviously,
but they're called the gestures. Did you like those.
Suggested digestive biscuits, tiny chip.
That is not appealing at all. I realize that's not very fitting. Yeah.
They were Wharf. I'd never liked that.
It's just like the most plain biscuit you can get.
And it's got like a soft layer of chocolate covered on top.
The chocolate is chocolate. The biscuit is like dry,
like a milk biscuit or no, no, no, no, no. It's like a wheat biscuit. Yeah.
That's what it looks like. Yeah.
Oh God,
that doesn't look good because you're supposed to like dip with tea and
coffee and stuff like that.
Dip it in your hot tea and it falls apart and your T's ruined.
But you can do that with a Tim Tam as well. I don't want to put any.
There's too much chocolates put in the TBS.
There needs to be like a perfect chocolate ratio. Chocolate. The biscuit ratio,
because Tim Sam's like covered in chocolate.
Chocolate starts melting on your fingers as you dip it in and see that's that's
like, you never done a Tim Tam stroll before
you haven't done a flipper. So kangaroo Australian culture for you. All right.
So you get a team. So it's like,
usually you do it with a cup of tea or a cup of coffee, whatever you prefer,
you get a team time. You bite both ends off. Right.
And then you use it as a straw to suck up your tea and coffee. And it's awesome.
Is this some down on the joke?
[inaudible].
What is something a culture? When is it just like stupid? Like.
It's what we do. That's what some people do. I did it once and I was like, yeah,
that's cool. I don't do it every time, but it's just a little thing you can do.
Yeah. I don't know. I got to find their own fun in Australia right there.
Isn't a lot to do, but I've like, I don't like biscuits at all.
It's definitely like the worst. I'm not really fond of cookies either.
I think cookies server, because UK cookies are just. No, no, no, no.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, come on. The
store brand cookies are always fresh cookies out the oven when they're like,
they need to be soft chewy. I don't know. Okay. My favorite cookies I can get.
I actually, um, subway cookies,
cookies are great. You like the ones where you can pull it easily.
If it's not fresh out the oven.
What I hate is if I bite in a cookie and it conscious goes everywhere. And
if I have crumbs that I'm like this, this is a cookie.
This is just a biscuit with extra steps. You know what I mean?
Fiscal with attitude. I like my cookies to be goofy. I like it to be soft,
not going to lie. I've never thought that deeply about.
You know, you grew up in the UK, you're watching American cartoons.
If for some reason in American cartoons, cookies alike, like I don't know.
W the, the, the, the, the thing that fueled the world for kids,
generation cookies were what? The,
like the Mayans used to barter and negotiate.
These kids shows me cookies to be like the godsend of like everything.
So when I, you know, you grow up and you can stop buying your own things.
You're like, well, yeah. I mean, cookies are the best treat.
Then you start having them. You're like, wait, these are kind of.
Oh. It was, it was always like, you know, that mythical cookie jar, right.
Have it in my house. So I assume everybody else has one.
It was just like, cookies were like, insanely like valuable, you know,
kids are dying, fighting Wars on the playground currency. Literally it's,
you know.
Cause like, for me,
whenever I get like bakes cookies or someone who cooks fresh cookies,
there's like, as soon as it comes out, the oven,
the timer starts because yeah, exactly. Cause you,
cause you got to be like 100% cookie speed. Right. I gotta,
I gotta like enjoy this before it starts hardening. And it's like,
as soon as thoughts, harden,
it's one of the few objects in the world where moist is a positive adjective.
You know what I mean? I get that.
Yeah.
I feel bad when people like make cookies like the day before and they bring them
to like, you want to try one of my home bake cookies. I'm like, I could,
I could try one of your home baked cookies, but I will be solely disappointed.
And brownies. Like if I have like a dry brownie, it's like a,
it's like a limp Dick.
Okay. So brownie brownie does need to be a little like.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If at all that just crumbles apart. When I touch it, I'm like,
well the structural integrity.
Sprout is a pole. If it's flaky, then it's not making like a sound as
if it's not making that sound. That it's a bad Brown.
I can't be the only one who thinks that it needs to be like ASM,
all levels of light smacking in your ears.
The deal supermarkets in Australia, like have bakery sections.
Are they with big things like in the UK to be fair,
they used to make pretty good cookies and brownies. Do you want,
I'm trying to think, sir, wait. Sainsbury's like,
Sainsbury's just have their own bakery.
Okay. See, okay.
I've I've actually got I've actually like I know the best ones it goes
Sainsbury's then Tesco's then co-op cause those, those,
these all satellite just made up names.
The supermarket chains in the UK, all of them have their own bakery.
And like you get like full fat cookies.
They were always like freshly baked on the day and soft and they were good.
They were good. You could buy the packaged ones, but like,
why would you do that when you could go and get like a full box of brownies,
like 16 little chunks for like a quid. Right.
Pretty good. Yeah. That sounds way better.